
Sample Poisons
<table><tr><td>Poison</td><td>Speed</td><td>Effect (1 dose)</td><td>Notes</td></tr><tr><td>Amanita (agaric mushrooms)</td><td>6 to 24 hours</td><td>Violent stomach pains, vomiting, jaundice. 1D10 damage</td><td>Responsible for 95% offatalities from mushroom poisoning, the death cap mushroom being foremost.</td></tr><tr><td>Arsenic</td><td>30 minutes to 24 hours</td><td>Burning pain, vomiting, violent diarrhea. 4D10 damage</td><td>Arsenic poisoning was difficult to determine (hence its popularity as a tool for murder) until 1836, when the Marsh Test was invented.</td></tr><tr><td>Belladonna (deadly nightshade)</td><td>2 hours to 2 days</td><td>Rapid heartbeat, impaired vision, convulsions. 4D10 damage</td><td>One of the most toxic plants in the world; consumption of 10-20 berries by an adult wil probably cause death.</td></tr><tr><td>Black Widow Spider Venom (latrotoxin)</td><td> 2 to 8 hours</td><td>Chills, sweats, nausea. 1D10 damage</td><td>Rarely causes death if medical treatment is provided.</td></tr><tr><td>Chloroform</td><td>1 round</td><td>Unconsciousness for 1 hour. No damage</td><td>Widely used an anesthetic in 1800-1900s, however a high strength toxic dose may cause death.</td></tr><tr><td> Cobra Venom</td><td>15 to 60 minutes</td><td>Convulsions, respiratory failure. 4D10 damage</td><td>Contact with eyes will cause immediate irritation and, if untreated, blindness. If serum is available then major injury and death can be avoided.</td></tr><tr><td>Curare</td><td>1 round</td><td>Muscular paralysis, respiratory failure. 4D10 damage.</td><td>Common name for poison administered to arrows in South America. Harmless ifingested- only direct application via a skin wound results in paralysis.</td></tr><tr><td>Cyanide</td><td>1 to 15 minutes</td><td>Dizziness,onvulsions,finting, death. 4D10 damage</td><td>Highly toxic-causes death if ingested as cyanide salt or inhaled through gas.</td></tr><tr><td>Rattlesnake Venom</td><td>6 to 24 hours</td><td>Vomiting, violent spasms, yellowish vision. 2D10 damage</td><td>Venom destroys tissue, causing necrosis, although rarely fatal (especially if antidote is given within 1 to 2 hours).</td></tr><tr><td>Rohypnol</td><td>15 to 30 minutes</td><td>Unconsciousness for 4-8 hours, possible amnesia. No damage.</td><td>Odorless, colorless and only available in modern game settings.</td></tr><tr><td>Strychnine</td><td>10 to 20 minutes</td><td>Violent muscle contractions, asphyxiation, death. 4D10 damage</td><td>Death within hours if medical treatment not provided.</td></tr></table>

2S

# Chapter Seven

Chases

The readiness with which J fell intoaplanof ly fearing some menace and considering possible avenues of escape fot hours. From the first J felt that the unseen fumbler meant a danger not lo be met or dealt with，but only to be fled from as precipitately as possible. Ihe one thing to do was to get out of that hotel alive as quickly as J could, and through some channel other than the front stairs and lobby.n C

H.P.Lovecraft,"he Shadow Over Innsmouth"
